=Angels and Guards=
=Episode 17=
To be honest,
three days ago,
I received a secret imperial order.
His Majesty wanted to review
all files related
to Prince Luo's case himself.
I had no choice.
His Majesty knows
about my father's case?
His Majesty misses nothing.
Of course he knows.
I see.
But Leng Xin...
What about Leng Xin?
Leng Xin
has vanished without a trace.
Who knows when we can catch him?
Be patient.
That villain will show himself
sooner or later.
When he does,
I will make sure
to reel him in.
Leng Xin's secret file is gone.
Not just Leng Xin's.
The secret files
of many Bounty List fugitives
are gone too.
In both the Southern
and Northern Bureaus,
everyone seems to have two faces.
Right and wrong, good and evil,
truth and lies...
Do you think
our ever-smiling Commander
is hiding some secret of his own?
It seems the Northern Bureau
is as treacherous as it looks.
Hua.
Whose files do you want to check?
I have some.
Do you have anything on Leng Xin?
Leng Xin?
I collected some.
(Northern Bureau)
(Leng Xin Files)
Duoyu.
Hua said you have files on Leng Xin.
(Jinyiwei Classified Files)
I didn’t expect this many.
Where did you get
so many files on Leng Xin?
I gathered many of them myself.
Some are just rumors.
These say
Leng Xin trained
under the Diancang Sect,
then say he learned
from an overseas master.
Half of this contradicts the other half.
Some of it is hearsay.
Duoyu.
Why are you
so interested in Leng Xin?
Me?
I have always wanted
to join the Jinyiwei.
But my martial arts are poor,
and I can never pass the physical test.
So I thought,
if I could catch Leng Xin,
maybe the Northern Bureau
would make an exception for me.
Maybe I would even become
a Baihu or a Qianhu.
Then let us see who still dares
call me useless.
I see.
Can I borrow
these files and read them?
Of course.
(Chong'er Pavilion)
(The killer is known as Leng Xin.)
(Heartless, with unpredictable methods.)
(Jinyiwei Classified Files)
What are you doing here?
I'm looking for someone.
Then announce yourself first.
You can’t just barge in here.
What's wrong?
Do you think this is a market?
Young Master.
He says he is looking for someone.
Well, well.
If it isn't "Mr. Handcuffs".
Who are you looking for?
I brought food for Bingfan.
Chang Le.
Tell him where he is.
Chong'er Pavilion.
And what kind of place is it?
The finest restaurant in the capital.
Do you think she will starve here?
That is your business.
Whether I bring food
is my decision.
Whether I let you in
is mine.
What if I force my way in?
Can he?
Try it.
Young Master Chang.
Constable Guan, what brings you here?
I brought food for Bingfan.
Where is she?
Then hurry.
Bingfan locked herself in her room
and read files all night.
She still hasn't come out.
She hasn't come out all night?
Then she hasn't had food or water
since last night.
Right. She wouldn't even open the door
for me.
Chang Le, see him out.
Don't follow me.
Who is it?
(Jinyiwei Classified Files)
You haven't slept all night, have you?
You must not have eaten
last night either.
Are you hungry?
Now that you mention it, I am.
I made soup.
Are you all right?
My neck... My neck can't move.
Don't move. I will massage it for you.
You have been stiff for twelve hours.
Let me help.
Why are you touching her?
She strained her neck.
I have known massage since childhood.
Hurry. Bingfan said she was hungry.
Eat while it is hot.
Have some soup.
Thank you, Guan.
Of course.
You feel sick again?
Is the soup undercooked?
It can't be.
I cooked it for four hours.
It has nothing to do with Guan.
I suddenly felt
dizzy
and terribly nauseous.
You were probably looking down too long,
and it made you lightheaded.
Today is your lucky day.
I will show you
the truest truth in the capital.
You have a secret room in here?
Why not shout it louder
so everyone knows?
Go in.
Well?
(Green Bamboo Sword?)
You have this many files on Leng Xin?
How?
These days, money can buy anything.
Do I look like a three-year-old?
Fine. I will tell you the truth.
Zhang gave them to me.
Zhang Weimin?
Why?
How would I know?
But my guess is
that Zhang Weimin said these files
had to be sealed away
and kept from government officers.
I'm just an idle outsider,
so giving me a copy is fine.
You people really are bold.
You even play word games
with His Majesty.
So?
With all these files,
you will have plenty to read
for a while.
(He kills without mercy,
becoming a demon in every heart.)
(Leng Xin's skills are extraordinary.)
Hey.
This is not proper.
You come to Chong'er Pavilion
with a food box every day.
People who don't know better
will think our food is terrible.
I am here to bring food to Bingfan.
Not if it hurts our good name.
You Chong'er Pavilion
people are so fussy.
Where is Bingfan?
Miss Shen
is in our young master's room.
Hey!
Barging in again?
Do you have no manners?
(This claim remains unverified.)
I discovered Leng Xin's secret.
What did you find?
What secret?
Every time Leng Xin acts,
it is not for money.
They're actually summoned
by a jade token with this pattern.
Right.
But who holds this jade token
and what it is
remains unknown.
Still, this is a major discovery.
Do you think
Feng Fuliu
keeps stealing fine jade
from noble houses
because of this?
That is for you to find out.
There are too many leads.
I need to sort them out one by one.
But
this is already a major breakthrough.
You must be tired after reading
for so long.
You need a break.
Are you hungry?
Actually, yes.
Let's go.
I will take you to eat something good.
Okay.
Put it down.
Let's go.
(Go with the Flow)
Guan.
Are you done discussing the case?
Do you need me?
No.
I just came to see you.
We are going to eat. Come with us.
No need.
You two go ahead.
I only came to see you.
Who is that? What a grand entrance.
With that kind of procession,
it must be someone
from the imperial clan.
Your Highness, forgive us
for not greeting you sooner.
Please forgive us.
Princess Pingyang?
(Princess Pingyang)
Is he here?
Yes. He is.
I want to see him.
This way, Your Highness.
She is no ordinary guest.
Come on. Let's take a look.
To this day, no one knows
Leng Xin's true identity.
Whether male or female, how old,
who trained him...
It is all guesswork.
Judging by when they first appeared,
they should be around thirty.
And that jade token
used to summon them...
Young Master!
Come here.
Your second wife is here.
In the private room upstairs.
What?
Your second wife.
Who?
Princess Pingyang.
Why didn't you stop her?
Bingfan.
An old friend is here.
I will see her, then come back to you.
Keep reading.
Okay.
Say that again, and I will hit you.
Chang Huan, you really are asking
for a beating.
I would not dare.
Bingfan.
Do you know who came
to Chong'er Pavilion?
Young Master Chang's friend.
But it is Princess Pingyang.
Princess Pingyang?
She is Young Master Chang's friend too?
I'm not sure.
But Hua said
Young Master Chang's background
is no simple matter.
Princess Pingyang is so noble,
yet she came all the way here
to see him.
That proves he is no ordinary man.
Feng Fuliu harassed me recently
and nearly got me killed.
Feng Fuliu steals treasures.
He does not hurt people.
But I was still scared.
And you were so heartless.
You did not even send someone
to check on me.
Don't talk to me like that.
It makes my skin crawl.
When I entered the palace
the day before yesterday,
the Empress Dowager asked
about our engagement.
When did we ever get engaged?
Our families arranged it
when we were children.
Are you going to deny it now?
Pingyang.
That was something the elders agreed on.
I never agreed to it.
Besides, you are a princess.
Born to wealth and rank.
You can choose any husband you want.
Why waste your time
on a useless man with no office or rank?
What is the point?
You are descended from one
of the six founding dukes,
the Duke Zheng line.
You are the current heir to Duke Zheng,
Young Duke Chang Beiming.
And you call yourself useless?
Who do you think you are fooling?
Duke Zheng?
Bingfan.
He... he...
He...
He what?
Young Master Chang
really is no ordinary man.
He is a descendant of Chang Yuchun,
Prince Kaiping,
and of Chang Mao, Duke Zheng,
one of the six dukes of the Hongwu reign.
He is the current heir to Duke Zheng.
No wonder.
No wonder Marquis Taiping
looked like a mouse before a cat.
Bingfan.
There is one more bombshell.
What?
Well...
Young Master Chang and Princess Pingyang
have been engaged since childhood.
By rights, man should
take the initiative.
But you have always been careless,
and if I don't push you,
you will never take this seriously.
So yesterday, I went
to your family manor.
Why did you go to my home?
My father is stationed in Datong.
My mother is at home.
My brother has been ill for years.
Why would you bother them?
I only went to pay my respects
to your mother.
She said
this matter is still yours to decide.
Pingyang.
That was truly just
drunken talk between our elders.
There is no need to take it seriously.
You want to break the engagement?
I never agreed to it.
How can I break what never existed?
Chang Beiming, how dare you betray me?
I...
I will report you to His Majesty.
Go ahead. I'm not afraid.
You have someone you like?
Yes, I do.
I love her so much.
Who is she?
Tell me that wretch's name.
Don't call her that.
I...
I will tell the Empress Dowager.
Just you wait.
I'm back.
Chief Squad Leader Cheng Xintian
of the Jinyiwei Northern Bureau
greets the Young Duke.
♪Because you once entered my dreams♪
♪Truth and illusion blur in wine♪
♪My heart drifted lost♪
♪Yet found you in the crowd♪
♪My blood still burns
as the world surges♪
♪The land is fair, and you are free♪
♪Sword drawn, lost in obsession♪
♪I've softly let it go♪
♪The vow you made was true♪
♪Yet like clouds, it stops for no one♪
♪Put away those dreamlike words♪
♪And forget at world's end♪
♪Embracing memory♪
♪Through blossoms and dreams♪
♪You hide in the crowd, silent♪
♪I wish to let it pass♪
♪And run toward this vast life♪